Life has no value and it cannot be measured.
Water, land, and air are valuable because eventually they will run out. The same cannot be said for life.
The value of life depends on how man sees himself.
The human body traps the soul from escaping to paradise.
He does not lose anything, for with the loss of himself he loses the knowledge of loss.
Life? Bah! It has no value. Of cheap things it is the cheapest.
More you drink more you want.
Get your palm and needle and sew the beggar up.  You’ll find some old canvas in the sail-locker.  Make it do.
Go below and fill a sack with coal.
I only remember one part of the service, and that is, ‘And the body shall be cast into the sea.’  So cast it in.
I believe that life is a mess.
It is piggishness, and it is life. 
It is because of this life that is in you that you dream of your immortality.  The life that is in you is alive and wants to go on being alive for ever. 
Do you know the only value life has is what life puts upon itself?  And it is of course over-estimated since it is of necessity prejudiced in its own favour. 
Do you know, I am filled with a strange uplift; I feel as if all time were echoing through me, as though all powers were mine.  
Oh, I am the wind the seamen love — I am steady, and strong, and true; They follow my track by the clouds above, O’er the fathomless tropic blue.
Get the cards, Hump, and bring out the cigars and the whisky you’ll find in my berth.
I see you still believe in such things as right and wrong.
One man cannot wrong another man.  He can only wrong himself.
In as few words as possible, Spencer puts it something like this: First, a man must act for his own benefit—to do this is to be moral and good.  Next, he must act for the benefit of his children.  And third, he must act for the benefit of his race.
All you need is one star in the sky on a dirty night to know instantly where you are.
It’s not the nature of life to be otherwise.  Life, when it knows that it must cease living, will always rebel.
The greater the odds, the greater the thrill. 
Now take a run up with the glasses and raise some of the boats.  We’ve made at least ten knots, and we’re going twelve or thirteen now.  The old girl knows how to walk.
Stand by to let that jib over, you Oofty!
There’s nothing can be done on deck.  If anything’s going to run us down we couldn’t get out of its way.  Turn in, all hands, and get some sleep.







